Copyright Notice

Due to the need for intellectual protection of the artistic content developed
in this project, it is clarified that the copyrights referring to the digital
arts of the interface are reserved only to the creator of the illustrations,
Raick Miranda. As established internationally, all artistic and visual content
(physical or not) can be legally protected within regional laws and treaties to
safeguard the work of artists. In this sense, it is assured that all designs,
illustrations and images used in the making of the interface are solely
reserved to the author who reiterates the prohibition of any reproduction,
redistribution or unauthorized use of said digital arts without permission
prior written permission from the creator and copyright holder.

You, however, are authorized to:

1. Download digital arts for the functioning of the associated project in its
   ORIGINAL version;
2. Share digital arts on your social networks or personal websites, as long as
   due credit is given to the copyright holder and to the Rainbow Star project;
3. Contact, and only, the creator and copyright holder for permission to use in
   any context that does not fit fits into the conditions above.

It is reiterated that any unauthorized use of digital arts may result in legal
actions as provided by Federal Law No. 9.610/98 of Brazilian legislation. To
obtain permissions, clarifications or ask any question related to copyrights,
please contact by e-mail mirandaraick@outlook.com . Furthermore, the right to
modify this copyright notice at any time by, and only, Raick Miranda. Any
modification will be effective immediately after publication of an updated
version of this notice.

Raick Miranda, Rainbow Star project, October 9, 2023.

--------------------- [ BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE VERSION ] ------------------------

Aviso Legal de Direitos Autorais

Em função da necessidade proteção intelectual do conteúdo artístico
desenvolvido neste projeto, fica esclarecido que os direitos autorais
referentes às artes digitais da interface estão reservadas somente ao criador
das ilustrações, Raick Miranda. Como estabelecido internacionalmente, todo
conteúdo artístico e visual (físico ou não) pode ser protegido legalmente
dentro das leis e tratados regionais para resguardar o trabalho dos artistas.
Nesse sentido, fica assegurado que todas os designs, ilustrações e imagens
utilizados na confecção da interface estão tão somente reservados ao autor que
reitera a proibição de quaisquer reprodução, redistribuição ou uso não
autorizado das ditas artes digitais sem a permissão prévia por escrito do
criador e detentor dos direitos autorais.

Você, no entanto, está autorizado a: 
 
1. Fazer o download das artes digitais para a conjuntura de funcionamento do
   projeto associado em sua versão ORIGINAL;
2. Compartilhar as artes digitais em suas redes sociais ou sites pessoais,
   desde que o devido crédito seja dado ao detentor dos direitos autorais e ao
   projeto Rainbow Star;
3. Entrar em contato com, e tão somente, o criador e detentor dos direitos
   autorais para obter permissão para uso em qualquer contexto que não se
   enquadre nas condições acima.

Fica reiterado que qualquer uso não autorizado das artes digitais poderá
resultar em ações legais conforme previsto pela Lei Federal n.º 9.610/98 da
legislação brasileira. Para obter permissões, esclarecimentos ou fazer qualquer
pergunta relacionada aos direitos autorais, entre em contato pelo e-mail
mirandaraick@outlook.com . Ademais, fica resguardado o direito de modificação
deste aviso de direitos autorais a qualquer momento por, e tão somente, Raick
Miranda. Qualquer modificação será efetiva imediatamente após a publicação de
uma versão atualizada deste aviso.

Raick Miranda, projeto Rainbow Star, 09 de outubro de 2023.